Create release-announcement.md (#352)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/how-to-guides-for-product/release-announcement.md

# How to Write a Feature Release Announcement

> This document outlines how to write a release announcement and release tweets for a feature. These are used at the release in our release newsletter and Twitter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document outlines how to write a release announcement and release tweets for a feature. These are used at the release day in our release newsletter and Twitter.
```

> This document outlines how to write a release announcement and release tweets for a feature. These are used at the release in our release newsletter and Twitter. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document outlines how to write a release announcement and release tweets for a feature. These are used at the release in our release newsletter and Twitter.
```

> Each Product Manager is responsible for writing a release announcement for every feature, integration or announcement they want included in the release newsletter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Product Manager is responsible for writing a release announcement for every feature, integration, or announcement they want included in the release newsletter.
```

> [Here is an example of a previous completed release announcement.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BqgLFqvpYJFm6TfrqkCUyYIs666BL1nawpgw6a4CpGA/edit?usp=sharing)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Here is an example of a previous completed release announcement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BqgLFqvpYJFm6TfrqkCUyYIs666BL1nawpgw6a4CpGA/edit?usp=sharing).
```

> [Here is an example of a previous completed release announcement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BqgLFqvpYJFm6TfrqkCUyYIs666BL1nawpgw6a4CpGA/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Here is an example of a previously completed release announcement](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BqgLFqvpYJFm6TfrqkCUyYIs666BL1nawpgw6a4CpGA/edit?usp=sharing).
```

## Overview

> It's important to think of the release announcement overall as a press release. We're communicating changes to our current and prospective customers so we want it to be exciting as well as informative. The release announcement is a coordinated document, with each Product Manager contributing their own features as sub-headings. The headline and first paragraph will be written by PM leads and the CPO after all other features have been provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to think of the release announcement as a press release. We're communicating changes to our current and prospective customers so we want it to be exciting as well as informative. The release announcement is a coordinated document, with each Product Manager contributing their own features as sub-headings. The headline and first paragraph will be written by PM leads and the CPO after all other features have been provided.
```

> It is important to think of the Release Announcement as a whole, as a press release.  We are communicating changes to our current and prospective customers so we want it to be exciting as well as informative.  The Release Announcement will be a coordinated document, with each product manager contributing their own features as sub-headlines.  The headline and first paragraph will be written by PM leads and the CPO after all other features have been provided. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's important to think of the release announcement overall as a press release. We're communicating changes to our current and prospective customers so we want it to be exciting as well as informative. The release announcement is a coordinated document, with each Product Manager contributing their own features as sub-headings. The headline and first paragraph will be written by PM leads and the CPO after all other features have been provided.
```

> *Note: Consider using this information in ProductBoard for your features to validate the messaging and to keep consistency across channels.* 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Consider using this information in productboard for your features to validate the messaging and to keep consistency across channels. 
```

### Timeline

> A release announcement for each feature should be started early in the product planning process. Each Product Manager is directly responsible for writing the announcement for each of their features. For large product features or new products, a PRFAQ should be completed. For smaller features, a “mini-PRFAQ” should be completed in the form of a blog post. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A release announcement for each feature should be started early in the product planning process. Each Product Manager is directly responsible for writing the announcement for each of their features. For large product features or new products, a PRFAQ should be completed. For smaller features, a “mini-PRFAQ” should be completed in the form of a blog post.
```

> Release announcements and tweets are due from Product Managers at T-14, so a first draft can be completed by T-11, per our [release announcement process](operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-release-announcements). They should be provided to your Lead (Lindsay or Katie), who will coordinate all into one single document for the release. A final draft of the combined release annoucenment for the newsletter will be provided for review to CPO and MLT team by T-10. Finally, the approved release annoucenment will be provided to marketing by T-2 and published on release day. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release announcements and tweets are due from Product Managers at T-14, so a first draft can be completed by T-11, per our [release announcement process](operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-release-announcements). They should be provided to your Lead (Lindsay or Katie), who will coordinate all into one single document for the release. A final draft of the combined release announcement for the newsletter will be provided for review to CPO and MLT team by T-10. Finally, the approved release announcement will be provided to marketing by T-2 and published on release day.
```

### Feature Headline

> The headline for your feature should start with a verb and describe what the feature allows customer to do and the edition it is provided in. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The headline for your feature should start with a verb and describe what the feature allows customer to do and the edition it's provided in.
```

> Example: ``Sync Office 365 Calendar status with Mattermost (E20 edition)``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: **Sync Office 365 Calendar status with Mattermost (E20 edition)**
```

### Feature Benefit

> A quick summary sentence should follow with the benefit the feature provides. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A quick summary sentence should follow with the benefit the feature provides.
```

> Example: ``Enable your users to get more control over their schedule without leaving Mattermost. ``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: **Enable your users to get more control over their schedule without leaving Mattermost.**
```

### Feature Details

> Next, describe in more detail how the feature works and what functionality is included.  This could take the form of a bulleted list or a few more sentences.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, describe in more detail how the feature works and what functionality is included. This could take the form of a bulleted list or a few more sentences. 
```

Example: 
``` none
With the new two-way Microsoft Office 365 Calendar integration feature, your users can now:
 - See a daily summary of their calendar events
 - Sync their Office 365 Calendar status automatically into Mattermost (e.g., “Away” if you have a meeting on your calendar)
 - Accept or decline calendar event invites from within Mattermost
```

### Feature Image

> Then, add actual screenshots or GIFs of the feature.  Abide by our guidelines for screenshots provided [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-screenshots-and-gifs). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, add actual screenshots or GIFs of the feature. Abide by our guidelines for screenshots provided [here](https://handbook.mattermost.com/operations/messaging-and-math/how-to-guides-for-m-and-m/how-to-create-screenshots-and-gifs).
```

### Feature Resources

> Finally, add a link to the documentation, forum post, or repository as appropriate for the user to get more information on the feature.  Also, be sure to provide a line to thank the contributors who helped provide the feature. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, add a link to the documentation, forum post, or repository as appropriate for the user to get more information on the feature. Also, be sure to provide a line to thank the contributors who helped provide the feature.
```

## How to Write a Release Tweet

> Product managers are also responsible for drafting the tweets that correspond to your features.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Product Managers are also responsible for drafting the tweets that correspond to your features.
```

> Each tweet should start with **Mattermost Release vx.xx now…** or **Mattermost mobile app release vx.xx now…** and should describe the action the new feature allows them to do. This should be very similar to the headline written in the release announcement. Tweets should include the relevant hashtags: #mm524m, #opensource,. #sre, #devops, #mattermost (where #mm524 is the release number).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each tweet should start with **Mattermost Release vx.xx now…** or **Mattermost mobile app release vx.xx now…** and should describe the action the new feature allows them to do. This should be very similar to the headline written in the release announcement. Tweets should include the relevant hashtags: #mm524m, #opensource, #sre, #devops, #mattermost (where #mm524 is the release number).
```

> Each tweet should start with ```Mattermost Release vx.xx now…`` or ``Mattermost mobile app release vx.xx now…`` and should describe what the action the new feature allows them to do.  This should be very similar to the headline written in the Release Announcement.  Tweets should include the relevant hashtags: ``#mm524`` ``#opensource`` ``#sre`` ``#devops`` ``#mattermost`` (where #mm524 is the release number)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each tweet should start with **Mattermost Release vx.xx now…** or **Mattermost mobile app release vx.xx now…** and should describe the action the new feature allows them to do. This should be very similar to the headline written in the release announcement. Tweets should include the relevant hashtags: #mm524m, #opensource,. #sre, #devops, #mattermost (where #mm524 is the release number).
```

> Example Tweet: ```Mattermost Release v5.24 now lets you view and manage your team or channel members from the system console. #mm524 #opensource #sre #devops #mattermost```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example Tweet: **Mattermost Release v5.24 now lets you view and manage your team or channel members from the System Console. #mm524 #opensource #sre #devops #mattermost**
```
